    Add a security rule to allow inbound HTTP (port 80) connections to your instance if you have not already done so. 
    By default, a launch-wizard-N security group was set up for your instance during initialization. 
    This group contains a single rule to allow SSH connections.
        Open the Amazon EC2 console at https://console.aws.amazon.com/ec2/.
        Choose Instances and select your instance.
        Under Security groups, choose view inbound rules.
        You should see the following list of rules in your default security group:
           Security Groups associated with i-1234567890abcdef0
           Ports     Protocol     Source     launch-wizard-N
           22        tcp          0.0.0.0/0          ✔

        Using the procedures in Adding Rules to a Security Group, add a new inbound security rule with the following values:

            Type—HTTP
            Protocol—TCP
            Port Range—80
            Source—Custom

      Test your web server:
    
    In a web browser, type the public DNS address (or the public IP address) of your instance; 
    you should see the Apache test page. 
    You can get the public DNS for your instance using the Amazon EC2 console 
      (check the Public DNS column; if this column is hidden, choose Show/Hide and choose Public DNS).
    If you are unable to see the Apache test page:
      check that the security group you are using contains a rule to allow HTTP (port 80) traffic. 
    For information about adding an HTTP rule to your security group, see Adding Rules to a Security Group.

    Important

    If you are not using Amazon Linux, you may also need to configure the firewall on your instance to allow these connections. 
    For more information about how to configure the firewall, see the documentation for your specific distribution.
    Apache test page

    Note: This test page appears only when there is no content in /var/www/html. 
    When you add content to the document root, your content appears at the public DNS address of your instance
    instead of this test page. Apache httpd serves files that are kept in a directory called the Apache document root. 
    The Amazon Linux Apache document root is /var/www/html, which by default is owned by root.
    
    Now we need to add "ec2-user" to the group Apache. Copy and execute this command and then log out and back in again.
    
      sudo usermod -a -G apache ec2-user
    
    Then run ./permissions.sh
    
    
